Update indexes.md (#14745)
DataDog/documentation: content/en/logs/log_configuration/indexes.md

## Update log retention

The index retention setting determines how long logs are stored and searchable in Datadog. You can set the retention to any value allowed in your account configuration.

> To add retentions that are not in your current contract please send an email to Customer Success at: success@datadoghq.com

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To add retentions that are not in your current contract, contact Customer Success at: `success@datadoghq.com`.
```
